## Agenda:
1.	Introductions: (3mins)
2.	Announcements: (3mins)
3.	Updates and Activities: Steven (15mins)
4.	Identify goals for EUAC for 2017 H2 (10mins)
5.	Projects Proposal: Controller, Plug-ins: Howard Huang (10 mins)	
6.	Identify criteria for Alpha/Beta releases later this year (10mins)
7.	Wrap up


Minutes:
-	Scott opened the meeting
-	Self-introductions 
-	Announcements: 
o	Matsumoto-san, Steven, Rakesh, Reddy, and Allen to form the TSC
o	Vodafone, NTT, Yahoo Japan joined as EUAC
o	Steven indicated HPE may be invited to join this TSC
o	Scott mentioned that this group should drive technical direction
o	Scott advised setting up a formation workgroup for OpenSDS formation based on proposed new governance model with memberships
o	Scott set out roadmap for target launch of OpenSDS in September with press release on board, TSC, etc.
-	Updates and Activities
o	Steven invited OpenSDS members to Huawei Connect 2017
o	Steven extended call-for-speakers for SDC presentation and panel session at Open Source Summit L.A.
o	Reddy indicated Openstack Sydney and CloudNativeCon Austin are important events we should participate in
-	EUAC
o	Scott advised that EUAC can be invited to attend the weekly TSC calls as an on-ramp and have separate EUAC meetings at a later point in time
-	Project Proposals
o	Howard proposed The Controller Project with Leon Wang as the PTL 
o	Howard proposed The NB Plugins Project with Xiang as PTL
o	Reddy commented that these two projects are necessary
o	Steven recommended giving names to these projects
o	There were no objections to the 2 projects, so they are approved 
-	Identify Criteria for Alpha and Beta releases
o	Rakesh and Reddy both commented on the need to have end-to-end orchestration with Kubernetes and one or two other cloud orchestrators
o	Steven proposed emailing criteria offline to allow time to think
-	Wrap-up:
o	Rakesh brought up IBM Ubiquity project, Steven proposed Rakesh introduce it in next meeting
o	Reddy commented it is important to define southbound API
o	Everyone agreed to a weekly technical meeting at the same time from next week
-	Action Items:
o	Scott to send charter and plans to TSC representatives
o	Steven to email circulate project name proposals, call-for-speakers, and criteria for Alpha and Beta releases
o	Steven to set up formation workgroup

