## Agenda:
1.	Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes
2.	Agenda Bashing
3.	Announcements and Updates: Steven

~~4.End-User Advisory Committee introduction (reps from Vodafone , Yahoo Japan, and NTT) (5mins)~~

5.	Proposal for formation of Funding Workgroup – tasks and goals: Larry (10mins)
6.	Project names proposal: (5mins)
7.	IBM Ubiquity Introduction (10mins) – Rakesh
8.	API Introduction and Discussions (15mins) – Howard
9.	Wrap-up


## Minutes:
-	**Previous minutes approved**

- **Steven indicated EUAC representatives not invited to the meeting due to insufficient notice**

-	**Announcements and Updates**: 

a.  Steven proposed Philip and Rakesh to co-present at SDC conference. Rakesh to confirm schedule. Need to confirm Philip as speaker.

b. 	Allen confirmed to speak at Open Source Summit in LA.

c.	Steven noted there are a few sponsor tickets for Open Source Summit Europe for TSC and EUAC



-	**Formation Workgroup**

a.	Steven proposed setting up of funding workgroup with Larry as lead, and Patrick Chiang. Rakesh and Matsumoto-san to get their business representatives to join.

b.	Larry indicated two key milestones: Press release for new companies joining OpenSDS in early September, Membership funding by first week of Dec 2017


-	**Project name proposals deferred, Steven to circulate email**

-	**Rakesh introduced the IBM Ubiquity Project for collaboration with OpenSDS. Ubiquity is supported under the Spectrum Control product team. Steven proposed getting a Ubiquity contributor to do a deep dive and discuss collaboration in a future meeting.**

-	**Howard introduced the OpenSDS API – Block, File, Object, Orchestration and Monitoring. Steven proposed Howard do a monitoring deep dive next week**


-	**Action Items**:

a.	Steven to set up a time next week to meet in Bay Area with Allen, Rakesh and Philip to discuss conference presentations.

b.	Steven to email circulate project name proposals


